Week 06, Djangor
================

This was my first experience working with class-based views.
I can really see how the ability to inherit functionality from parent
view classes can be really powerful. Also the ability to drop in mixins
(for login required functionality, for example) seems really intuitive.

While I'm sure that there are a million ways I could improve on this application,
I feel like I have the most questions on URL reversing.

In my base.html template: https://github.com/mattmakesmaps/training.python_web/blob/master/assignments/week06/athome/djangor/templates/base.html I'm trying to avoid hard-coding URLs for the various views we've got going on.
I'm realizing that there are a million different ways to use the 'URL' template tag.

I'm currently referencing URLs in the following ways:
*  Using named url patterns explicitly set in my urls.py file: https://github.com/mattmakesmaps/training.python_web/blob/master/assignments/week06/athome/djangor/djangor/urls.py
*  Using dot notation to drill back to the specific view name (in a specific app, e.g. django.contrib.admin).
*  Using a colon, in the case of the admin application. Referencing the admin app source, I see that there are
   a series of custom template tags. Is the use of the colon an example of calling that custom template tag
   functionality?

Anyways, I'm just curious what the best practices are around reversing URLs in templates? It seems like there are
many different ways to do it, and I'm wondering which one is most recommended or commonplace?